Update BDD Markdown to v.6 (#263)
hello-nrfcloud/backend: features/LastSeen.feature.md

}
```

## Retrieve last seen timestamp on connect

Given I store `$fromMillis(${ts})` into `tsISO`

> When I connect to the websocket using fingerprint `${fingerprint}` in `5`
> seconds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given I wait for 5 seconds

When I connect to the websocket using fingerprint `${fingerprint}`
```

If user must wait 5 seconds before connect, add a separate wait step.

Reviewer: But I wonder, why must the user wait now?

Author: Last seen will be recorded in DB in async way. So, sometimes when you disconnect and reconnect immediately, the DB is not done yet and the test is failed.
